#summary Information about the Render Component.

= Introduction =

The Render Component holds information about how the entity should be rendered on the screen. If it's the visibility is set to true, the image will be drawn at the entity's position, with its rotation and size applied.

To decide the order of rendering of the images the rendering subsystem checks the render layer of the component. Alegria currently supports 10 render layers, from 0 to 9. An entity with a higher render layer value will be drawn on top of another with a lower one. 

If the text parameter is set to true, the rendering subsystem will check in the entity for an string-trype attribute named "text". If such attribute is found its value will be displayed on the screen. Note: this requires the image to be a bitmap font such as [http://i.imgur.com/NMr7a.png this].

= Parameters =

|| *Parameter* || *Type* || *Description* ||
|| image       || string || Name of a previously loaded image ||
|| visible     || bool   || Sets the visibility of the entity ||
|| layer       || int (0-9)|| Sets the render layer of the entity||
|| text        || bool   || Sets if the component is used to display text ||

= Condition =
This component has no condition.
= Python Methods = 

*SetVisibility ( visibility )*

If visibility equals to 1 or greater, sets the Entity visible. In the other case, sets the Entity invisible. 

*IsVisible ( )*

Returns 1 if the Entity is visible, 0 if it's not.

*SetRenderLayer ( layer )*

Sets the value of the Render Layer to layer.

*GetRenderLayer ( )*

Returns the value of the Render Layer of the Entity.


= See also = 

[http://code.google.com/p/alegria-engine/wiki/Components Components]